{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56834  Gotcha! 
\f1\b Executive Summary of GitHub for an OG IT Exec:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56960  What is GitHub?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 GitHub is a 
\f1\b distributed version control and collaboration platform for code, docs, and projects.
\f0\b0  Think of it like 
\f1\b Google Docs for developers\'97but with built-in versioning, branching, and collaboration tools.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56613  Key Concepts for an IT Exec\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u9989  
\f1\b Git = Version Control System
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Keeps track of 
\f1\b changes to files
\f0\b0 , so nothing is lost.\uc0\u8232 \u9989  
\f1\b Repositories (Repos) = Project Containers
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Stores 
\f1\b code, documentation, assets, and history
\f0\b0 .\uc0\u8232 \u9989  
\f1\b Commits = Save Points
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Every change is logged with 
\f1\b who did what and why
\f0\b0 .\uc0\u8232 \u9989  
\f1\b Branches = Parallel Workstreams
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Developers can work 
\f1\b on different versions
\f0\b0  without breaking the main codebase.\uc0\u8232 \u9989  
\f1\b Pull Requests (PRs) = Change Proposals
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Someone submits 
\f1\b changes for approval
\f0\b0  before merging into the main project.\uc0\u8232 \u9989  
\f1\b Issues & Discussions = Project Management
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  A way to 
\f1\b track bugs, tasks, and decisions.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56633  Why It\'92s Powerful\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Versioning & Rollback
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Nothing gets lost; every version is recoverable.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Decentralized Collaboration
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Teams can work 
\f1\b from anywhere, asynchronously.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Open-Source & Transparency
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  Public projects invite 
\f1\b contributions from the world.
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Automation & CI/CD
\f0\b0  \uc0\u8594  GitHub 
\f1\b integrates with tools
\f0\b0  to automate testing, deployment, and security.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u55357 \u56613  How You\'92re Using It Now\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 1\uc0\u65039 \u8419  
\f1\b Created a Repo for TLVR & truthPrintz
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 2\u65039 \u8419  
\f1\b Uploaded Docs (README, White Papers, Specs)
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 3\u65039 \u8419  
\f1\b Enabled Discussions for Community Input
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 4\u65039 \u8419  
\f1\b Set Up a Naming Competition (Issues & Polls)
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 5\u65039 \u8419  
\f1\b Now, preparing to integrate code & MVP builds
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56524  The OG Takeaway\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 GitHub 
\f1\b isn't just for developers\'97it\'92s a decentralized command center
\f0\b0  for innovation. 
\f1\b Think of it as a mix of SCM, collaboration tools, and knowledge management, all in one.
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56481  Want to go deeper?
\f0\b0  Let\'92s set aside time to dive into 
\f1\b workflows, automation, and how GitHub scales decentralized projects like truthPrintz & TLVR.
\f0\b0  \uc0\u55357 \u56960 \u55357 \u56613 \
}